<h1>Complete the following tasks:</h1>

<h4>Task1</h4>
Implement a class Student.  For the purpose of this exercise, a student has a name and a total quiz score (i.e. we are not storing separate quiz scores, we simply keeping a running sum of all quiz scores that are added).  Supply an appropriate constructor that accepts a new student name, and initializes the total quiz score and number of quizzes to 0 (1 paramter, the name, and initialize all 3 instance variables).  Also supply the following methods:
 getName()
addQuiz(double score)
getTotalScore() 
getAverageScore()
To compute the average, your class will also need to store the number of quizzes that the student took.  (every time a quiz score is added, you will add 1 to the number of quizzes, as well as adding the new score to the total quiz score).  Use the int data type for the number of quizzes.  Use the double data type for the total quiz score.

Additionally, supply a StudentTester class that tests all the methods.

First you need to create an empty class.  Then create the instance variables you will need. Read the problem description carefully, it states which instance variables you need by stating what your class needs to keep track of – there are 3 instance variables.  Then you will create a constructor to initialize the instance variables.  Then you will need to implement the methods as described.  Work on one method at a time.

Finally, you will create a second class, StudentTester, that will create a Student object (or multiple student objects) and call the methods you have created.  You should print out your expected results, as well as the results that your methods return (actual results).  (Your StudentTester class will have only one method, a main method.

<h4>Task2</h4>
Create a class called Employee.  An Employee object will need to keep track of the following information (instance variables) – name, job title, salary, sick days (a total number of sick days that the employee has remaining to use).  Choose appropriate data types for each instance variable.  You will need to supply a constructor that accepts a name, the job title, salary, and sick days.  (Four arguments, one for each instance variable).  Create the following accessor methods getName(), getJobTitle(), getSalary() and getSickDays().  You will need to create the following mutator methods – 
increaseSalary(double percent) – increases salary by a given percentage.  So if the salary is 100, and the percent parameter is 15, your method should calculate 15% of 100, and add this amount to the salary.  (You will need to divide percent by 100 to do the correct math).
decreaseSalary(double percent) – similar to increaseSalary(double percent), use the parameter to calculate the value to subtract from the current salary.
addSickDay() – adds a single sick day
removeSickDay() – removes a single sick day
changeJobTitle(String newTitle) – sets the Employee’s job title to the newTitle provided as a parameter.

Additionally, you will need to create a class called EmployeeTester.  It will have a single main method that you will use to test your Employee class.  Make sure to test ALL methods you have created.
